units tom such a great job playing Sully
in this film and people are gonna see
that tomorrow and I believe they will
agree with me wholeheartedly that we
felt it was time that somebody paid
tribute to your life and your career and
so we spent I think 80 million dollars
was it ninety nine ninety million
dollars to make this film in monopoly
money about Tom that well I hope you
enjoy here we go
the odds of making it in Hollywood are a
million to one next and he was that one
what's your name kid introducing captain
Sully Sullenberger I'm Tom Hanks and I'm
gonna be a big movie star movie star
name not yet you are cocky son of a
in the penguin saga of America's
favorite actor
from his early successes I'm a lady and
so is my roommate
we're bodies beautiful hey I gotta go
change into some wardrobe I'll see you
out there all right buddy food is epic
struggles mama always said life is life
of chocolate box you never know oh
thanks you are a movie star you can do
this and heart-wrenching performances
I'm stuck on an island and my only
[Applause]
this wave I've never seen a better
acting performance by an airline
[Music]
pease son of a I just want to
thank everybody in the whole wide world
Peter Scolari seaplane Pilots
Association honorary lifetime member
captain Chesley Sullenberger
[Music]
[Applause]
Sullenberger I used to have such respect
we both have checkered career well the
good news is after I did a terrible job
of acting nobody got hurt reputation
actually sound like we cannot both agree
Peter Scolari is one of the great human
beings and nobody nobody plays Peter
Scolari like Peter Scolari I will say
that I am Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed
the video hit subscribe and if you don't
click Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die